Add suitable description for `authorized-by` (#125)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-corim: draft-ietf-rats-corim.md

class. Environments identified by an instance identifier have measurements that
are specific to that instance.

> The supply chain entity that is responsible for providing the the measurements (i.e. Reference Values or Endorsed Values)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The supply chain entity that is responsible for providing the measurements (i.e. Reference Values or Endorsed Values)
```

class. Environments identified by an instance identifier have measurements that
are specific to that instance.

> Supply chain entity responsible for the measurements can optionally assert their cryptographic

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The supply chain entity that is responsible for providing reference or endorsed measurement values is, by default, the CoRIM signer. If a different entity is authorized to provide measurement values, the `authorized-by` statement can be supplied.
```

> identity via the use of `authorized-by` field of the `measurement-map`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `authorized-by` statement is contained in `measurement-map`.
```

* `mval` (index 1): The measurements associated with the (sub-)environment.
  Described in {{sec-comid-mval}}.

* `authorized-by` (index 2): The cryptographic identity of the individual or organization that is

>  the designated authority for this measurment. For example, producer of the measurement or a delegated entity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 the designated authority for this measurement. For example, producer of the measurement or a delegated supplier.
```
